It seems that Tissue Xiao Huang's artificial changes are really not possible.
Yes, you look young, but you didn't expect to be so financially rich.
What? Sorry.
I shouldn't pick on your work.
Except if you help me give the sword, we will succeed at least.
Our life is not perfect, your design is your fault.
Young Master, it reflects our success in transforming you,
But the law is nothing more than your feelings.
A news worth more than 100 billion yuan.
Young Lord, you pick the sword and I do my job, please think about it a few times.
Hello, why does one suit both of you?
But it’s all about how much money you have to make a successful career
We were all given votes by Mr. Zhao
It’s not that I don’t let you
You must not leave things there
That's right, it's you
Let’s just say it for everyone’s sake.
You must be the only one to win something
Need me to apply
How much does it cost you?
It’s such a win-win situation here.
Our Fuji Group has produced such good works
Well deserved
It's number one. Wait a minute.
The only person responsible is you personally putting the money together
Who wants to ask you for that time? No need to pay.
don't speak belgian
Feeling dangerous
Still pretty good
No, it’s better to take the motherboard photo of your relatives.
I think this is a big problem
The designs around me are not popular
Peaceful air balloon
But it's not noisy
tonight
We will avoid you again
Invite everyone to dinner